New landing page and content jigging (#20)
jointogetherhq/jointogether.online: index.markdown

description:
  Join Together helps unions gain and maintain more members through digital
  tools and services designed for and with unions. Supported by the TUC.
paragraphs:
  - text: 'Online join for <br>trade&nbsp;unions'
  - text: 'Stop losing members to a bad joining experience'

>   - text: 'Give your members an online join that’s a delight, not a pain'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: 'Get more members with online join that’s a delight, not a pain'
```

buttons:
  - label: 'Book a call to discuss your online join'
    url: 'https://calendly.com/join-together/hello'
---

## What makes Join Together so special?

Put simply, we are **100% focused on building the gold standard online joining experience for unions**. Every union has its own unique needs and requirements. We work with you and your team to tailor the perfect online joining experience for you and your members.

## Online join that is optimised to get you more members

We sweat the details so that your online join gets you more members: 60% of applicants that start a Join Together join form go on to submit their application. How many extra members would your union get with a form that converted that well?

## Bespoke forms that handle all the complexities of joining your union

> Whether it’s employer/sector-specific questions, complex rate calculation rules, deduction-at-source, or Direct Debit, the Join Together platform adapts to meet all the specific joining needs of your union.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether it’s employer/sector-specific questions, complex rate calculation rules, deduction at source, or Direct Debit, the Join Together platform adapts to meet all the specific joining needs of your union.
```

Not a compound adjective, no need to hyphenate

## Seamless integration with your existing CRM and processes

Join Together lives in harmony alongside your existing membership system, and is able to automatically feed new applications directly into your CRM ready for your membership team to process. Including Salesforce, Dynamics365, APT Stratum, Wild Apricot and more.

## Works alongside your website

> The Join Together system can be fully customised to fit with your existing brand and website, guaranteeing a smooth user experience for visitors joining your union. From your logo to brand colours, fonts and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Join Together system can be fully customised to fit with your existing brand and website, guaranteeing a smooth user experience for visitors joining your union – from your logo to brand colours, fonts and more.
```

"From your logo to brand colours, fonts and more" is a sentence fragment without joining it up

## Built to work beautifully on mobile and desktop

> With as much as 50% of applicants using a mobile device, you really cannot afford to offer a sub-standard experience to mobile users. Join Together’s forms work perfectly across all devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With as many as 50% of applicants using a mobile device, you cannot afford to offer a substandard experience to mobile users. Join Together’s forms work perfectly across all devices.
```

Are we sure it's an "up to" scenario? I thought it was more than half – around 59% from mobile devices now? Or am I reading US-only stats? No need to hyphenate "substandard", it's in common use without.

Author: I think I grabbed that number from our Mixpanel data...

Reviewer: Oh well, when you own a horse, best to take things straight from its mouth...

## Accessible and inclusive by default

Our forms are designed to meet the W3C Web Accessibility guidelines, ensuring everyone – no matter their particular access needs – is able to join your union online.

## Data ethics & security as standard

> Designed from the ground up to minimise the spread and retention of personal data, Join Together protects your data. Automatic encryption and bank grade security keeps application data safe in a secure, access-managed location. [Learn more about our security](/information-security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Designed from the ground up to minimise the spread and retention of personal data, Join Together protects your data. Automatic encryption and banking-grade security keeps application data safe in a secure, access-managed location. [Learn more about our security](/information-security).
```

Reviewer: Hyphenate for compound adjective

## A fully hosted and maintained service

> We support and maintain the Join Together platform so you don't have to, ensuring it's always up-to-date, secure, and available when your members need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support and maintain the Join Together platform so you don't have to, ensuring it's always up to date, secure, and available when your members need it.
```

No need to hyphenate when not a compound adjective. You could use it to say "an up-to-date application", but it doesn't need to be a compound word when used without a noun.

Yes, hyphenation is a personal hobby horse. I find their use and etymology fascinating – especially their removal due to common usage. "To-day" used to be hyphenated, as did "sub-standard"...

## Brought to you by a team that cares about unions

> Join Together Co-operative is four technologists with a passion for the union movement, and a combined eight decades' experience delivering world class online web services.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194511/233423559-cdaadbc8-0ab6-465a-b0d5-2fbbd096bbc7.png)
